in that day this song will be sung in
the land of juda we have a strong City
God will appoint salvation for walls and
bulwarks open the gates that the
righteous nation which keeps the truth
may enter in you will keep him in
perfect peace whose mind is stayed on
you because he trusts in you trust in
the Lord forever for in yah the Lord is
everlasting strict for he brings down
those who dwell on high the lofty city
he lays it low he lays it low to the
ground he brings it down to the dust the
foot shall tread it down the feet of the
poor and the steps of the needy the way
of the just is a brightness o most
upright you weigh the path of the just
yes in the way of your judgments O Lord
we have waited for you the desire of our
soul is for your name and for the
remembrance of you with my soul I have
desired you in the night yes by my
spirit within me I will seek you early
for when your judgments are in the earth
the inhabitants of the world will learn
righteousness let grace be shown to the
wicked yet he will not learn
righteousness in the land of uprightness
he will deal unjustly and will not
behold the majesty of the Lord Lord when
your hand is lifted up they will not see
but they will see and be ashamed for
their envy of people yes the fire of
your enemy shall devour them Lord you
will establish peace for us for you have
also done all our works in us
Oh Lord our God masters besides you have
had dominion over us but by you only we
make mention of your name they are dead
they will not live they are deceased
they will not rise therefore you have
punished and destroyed them and made all
their memory to perish you have
increased the National Lord you have
increased the nation
you are glorified you have expanded all
the borders of the land Lord in trouble
they have visited you they poured out a
prayer when your chastening was upon
them as a woman with child is in pain
and cries out in her pangs when she
draws near the time of her delivery so
have we been in your sight O Lord we
have been with child we have been in
pain we have as it were brought forth
wind we have not accomplished any
deliverance in the earth nor have the
inhabitants of the world fallen your
dead shall live together with my dead
body they shall arise awake and seeing
you who dwell in dust for your do is
like the dew of herbs and the earth
shall cast out the dead come my people
enter your chambers and shut your doors
behind you hide yourself as it were for
a little moment until the indignation is
passed for behold the Lord comes out of
his place to punish the inhabitants of
the earth for their iniquity the earth
will also disclose her blood and will no
more cover her slain